everyone's favorite Vietnamese spring
rolls Daniel
you will need the following ingredients
one pound of ground pork or turkey one
and a half cup of grated carrots 1
medium size onion bulb minced have a
pound of deveined shrimp one package of
spring roll wrap seven half inch square
one and a half teaspoon garlic salt 2
tbsp of sugar and if you'd like half a
teaspoon of ground pepper for those
wishing to avoid seafood simply
substitute 1/2 pound of ground pork for
the shrimp
in a big bowl make the ground pour
grated carrots minced onions and the
corner shrimp mix the sugar and the
garlic salt and ground pepper first
weren't even blend then add it to the
mixing bowl
need until you have a well-mixed and
uniform consistency it's always wise to
fry a small nugget of the meat filling
to taste test your seasoning to make
your paste mix together 1 teaspoon of
all-purpose flour one teaspoon of water
now for the rolling setup separate your
wrappers in advance I keep them in
enlarge the block bag so they don't dry
out and become brittle use a container
with a cover to store rows
place about two tablespoons of the
filling as showing rolling tightly keeps
the oil from penetrating apply a smear
of pace to the top corner to seal in
roll towards you feel for the smooth and
rough sides of the wrapper place the
rough side up for a smoother finished
row
in an airtight container these keep very
well the freezer until needed filled a 2
quart pot half way with vegetable oil
place a strainer on a small bowl to
drain hot rolls chopsticks test
when a lot of bubbles rise from wooden
chopsticks the oil tis hot enough
overheated oil will burn your raps
before the meat is thoroughly cooked
gently place Pring rolls in one at a
time chopsticks are my favorite tool but
tongs would work as well I fry no more
than six at a time overloading the pot
may make it boil over and you won't get
an even fry five to six minute frying
time should leave them golden brown let
them cool in the strainer for a minute
place on a paper towel
do not stack them all hot or they will
turn out less crispy time to make the
dipping sauce you need two tablespoons
of vinegar three tablespoons fish sauce
3 tablespoons sugar and one cup of water
mix the sugar and water first stir in
the vinegar and fish sauce for a spicier
dish add chili paste when serving for an
advertiser's tried dipping them in
store-bought sweet chili sauce
traditionally the spring rolls are
wrapped in lettuce and various enemies
Mills
these are fantastic enjoying
thank you for watching don't forget to
subscribe to my videos happy eating